Adds section engines + fastboot (#66)
ember-engines/ember-engines.com: markdown/guide/deploying-and-fastboot.md

## Deploying and Fastboot

### Deploying An Engine

In many cases, your engine code may be served from a static server, typically a CDN; this server will probably not share the same root location as your application. In order to specify the location to get the engine assets, you can implement a `generateURI` function in the host application's `ember-cli-build.js` file:

```js
// host-app/ember-cli-build.js
let app = new EmberApp(defaults, {
  assetLoader: {
    generateURI(filePath) {
      if (EmberApp.env() === 'production') {
        return `https://production.cdn.com/${filePath}`;
      } else {
        return `local/static/${filePath}`;
      }
    }
  }
});
```

The `generateURI` function receives the `filePath` for each asset and must return a string of the asset's location. For more info, see the [ember-asset-loader documentation](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-asset-loader#generating-custom-uris).

### Fastboot

> Ember Engines is perfect for combining with Server-side rendering solution and works with [FastBoot](https://ember-fastboot.com/) out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ember Engines is perfect for combining with server-side rendering solution and works with [FastBoot](https://ember-fastboot.com/) out of the box.
```

> All Engine builds (regardless of lazy loading or not) will generate a `engines-dist/engine-name/config/environment.js` file. This is because we need to load that file in FastBoot for both eager and lazy engines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Engine builds (regardless of whether they are lazy-loaded or not) will generate a `engines-dist/engine-name/config/environment.js` file. This is because we need to load that file in FastBoot for both eager and lazy engines.
```
